add documentation for SSO (#2)
Codit/.github: profile/sso.md

> # Single Sign On with your Codit Organizational Account.

Reviewer: Nit - Should we move the file to `docs/sso.md` or `docs/single-sign-on.md`?

__This is only for Codit Employees__

In order to set up your GitHub account to be authenticated through the Codit Azure Active Directory, please execute the following steps.

> 1. Make sure you have a Codit Organizational Account
> 1. Navigate to [this logon page](https://github.com/orgs/codit/sso).
> 1. Sign in with your Codit organizational account
> 1. If this is the first time you are signing in to this organization, you have to link your A.D. user to a GitHub user.
> 1. You can link your user to an existing GitHub user, or set up a new user, by following the wizard.
> 1. Please make sure your Display Name is set to your FirstName LastName, so you can be identified easily.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion
```suggestion
1. Make sure you have a Codit Organizational Account
1. Navigate to [this logon page](https://github.com/orgs/codit/sso).
1. Sign in with your Codit organizational account
  - If this is the first time you are signing in to this organization, you have to link your A.D. user to a GitHub user.
  - You can link your user to an existing GitHub user, or set up a new user, by following the wizard.
1. Please make sure your Display Name is set to your first name last name, so you can be identified easily.
```
